---
title: '1.2'
slug: '1.2'
createdAt: '2016-07-13T19:43:07.130Z'
description: 'Killing a bug opens new search possibilities'
tags: 'nomie, release'
version: '1.2'
---

Hi friends, it's Brandon! I hope the winter has been treating you kindly.

I'd like to thank all of the current Nomie users for your great reviews, suggestions and ideas. I've used your feedback, and this winter in Indiana to bring Nomie one step closer to being the great product I know it eventually will become.

-- Already know what Nomie is? Skip this section --

Nomie was invented out of the need to track my own behavior and actions. After failing multiple times with manual tracking (spreadsheets, paper), I ran the gauntlet the existing "life tracking" apps, unfortunately they all failed me in one way or another. The 4 cornerstones I was looking for in this type of app were: privacy, insanely fast tracking, custom trackers, and unfettered access to my data. Nothing satiated my needs, so I started building. That solution is now called Nomie, and today I'm announcing version 1.2.

In short, Nomie let's you track, compare and understand anything in your life with one tap of a button. You're now caught up!

-- END SKIP --

### 1. Nomie Now

Nomie now is a new dynamic board that will Show the trackers you commonly use this time of the day.

PHOTO NO LONGER AVAILABLE

### 2. Deeper more visual analysis

PHOTO NO LONGER AVAILABLE

### 3. Improved Search

PHOTO NO LONGER AVAILABLE

### 4. Improved Create Tracker

PHOTO NO LONGER AVAILABLE

### 5. Editable Events

Forget to track something? No problem! Record like normal then press and hold the tracker, select "Edit Last Event" - you can edit the time, day, value and location.

PHOTO NO LONGER AVAILABLE

### 6. Improvised Dashboard View

PHOTO NO LONGER AVAILABLE

### 7. Recent Values & Dynamic Positivity

Number Input trackers display the most recent values used. Making it super fast for commonly repeated values. Additionally, Slider Trackers now have an option to dynamically set the events positivity based on the value of the slide.

PHOTO NO LONGER AVAILABLE

### 8. Everything else

- Editable Values
- Improved Notes Design
- Improved History View
- You can now attach a note to an event (long press a tracker for the option)
- **New dropbox integration.** Dropbox will now use a single file for backing up per device.
- Daily Notification Reminders
- Groups are now called Boards

That's it for now! If you made it to the end thank you and make sure to use Nomie Code **NM22** to get 5 additional tracker slots.
